README.md, before:


# Azure CI/CD

# Overview
This project titled 'Building a CI/CD Pipeline' project is part of the 'DevOps Engineer for Microsoft Azure' Udacity nanodegree program.

The objective of the python application in this project is to predict housing prices in Boston. 
This repo will enable you to:

Deploy the app in Azure CloudShell
Deploy the app as an Azure App Service
Any commits to the GitHub repo trigger automated code testing using 
GitHub Actions ensures that the code commits to the repository triggers an automated testing job. The pipeline in Azure DevOps, and the updated code is also automatically tested in Azure DevOps and deployed to the Azure App Service.

Project Timeline Trello board - https://trello.com/b/1cuoVD4k/azcicd

Project Timeline Spreadheet - https://github.com/narain2992/ud_az_cicd/blob/main/AzureCICD_project_timeline.xlsx


#this is edited from cloud shell again
[![CI](https://github.com/robertnick04/azure-cicd/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/robertnick04/azure-cicd/actions/workflows/main.yml)



![Screen Shot 2021-09-23 at 5 31 43 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077416-06f5238a-8c91-479f-8d37-f7ee076d72f3.png)


![Screen Shot 2021-09-23 at 5 47 18 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077432-ab04c1e0-1916-4f09-aae2-150582d62ac8.png)


![Screen Shot 2021-09-23 at 5 56 16 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077452-6d2da0a4-b9e0-482b-80bd-6ee6a74b8b53.png)


![Screen Shot 2021-09-23 at 6 34 13 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077481-bd85f256-aa1a-48cb-8ce4-b16b42ac4129.png)


![Screen Shot 2021-09-23 at 6 46 37 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077496-266d311e-919c-4086-a065-29f52d042e51.png)


![Screen Shot 2021-09-24 at 4 05 05 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077511-dd84f4b4-bb37-4ec9-9cf6-df76fa2aa583.png)


![Screen Shot 2021-09-24 at 4 05 30 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077528-a1a67e87-03f3-4915-b39b-dbbdbadc060e.png)


![Screen Shot 2021-09-24 at 4 06 08 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077556-c6a27c04-f8e2-405c-861b-07a3366560b3.png)


![Screen Shot 2021-09-24 at 4 08 05 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077565-7da5dad5-5aae-45c1-90cd-c17284e580cb.png)


![Screen Shot 2021-09-24 at 4 10 00 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077574-1d74c0f6-9f1a-4bc1-994a-ab84038984c2.png)


![locust_err](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077820-fac330ec-d18a-4ef8-ace9-52d339ae7b0f.png)

Commit message:

ReadMe file updated with Steps and links

README.md, after:


# Azure CI/CD

# Overview
This project titled 'Building a CI/CD Pipeline' project is part of the 'DevOps Engineer for Microsoft Azure' Udacity nanodegree program.

The objective of the python application in this project is to predict housing prices in Boston. 
The following steps will implement the task of building a CI/CD pipeline:

Deploying the app in Azure Cloud Shell
Deploying the app as an Azure App Service
Creating Github Actions

Code changes committed to the GitHub repo would trigger automated code testing using GitHub Actions. A pipeline has been created in Azure DevOps, and the updated code is also automatically tested in Azure DevOps and deployed to the Azure App Service.

Project Timeline Trello board - https://trello.com/b/1cuoVD4k/azcicd

Project Timeline Spreadheet - https://github.com/narain2992/ud_az_cicd/blob/main/AzureCICD_project_timeline.xlsx

Project Demo Video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvwVc1S0qDo&t=23s

[![CI](https://github.com/robertnick04/azure-cicd/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/robertnick04/azure-cicd/actions/workflows/main.yml)

#### 1. Connect to the Cloud shell from the terminal and clone the project repository

![Screen Shot 2021-09-23 at 5 31 43 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077416-06f5238a-8c91-479f-8d37-f7ee076d72f3.png)

#### 2. Install requirements for python virtual environment

![Screen Shot 2021-09-23 at 5 47 18 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077432-ab04c1e0-1916-4f09-aae2-150582d62ac8.png)

#### 3. Build using Github actions

![Screen Shot 2021-09-23 at 5 56 16 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077452-6d2da0a4-b9e0-482b-80bd-6ee6a74b8b53.png)

#### 4. Validate app is deployed successfully using Github actions and the app is running

![Screen Shot 2021-09-23 at 6 34 13 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077481-bd85f256-aa1a-48cb-8ce4-b16b42ac4129.png)


#### 5. Setup CI with Azure pipelines

![Screen Shot 2021-09-23 at 6 46 37 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077496-266d311e-919c-4086-a065-29f52d042e51.png)

#### 6. Deploy the app using Azure pipeline

![Screen Shot 2021-09-24 at 4 05 30 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077528-a1a67e87-03f3-4915-b39b-dbbdbadc060e.png)

#### 7. Validate app is deployed successfully using Azure pipeline and the app is running

![Screen Shot 2021-09-24 at 4 05 05 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077511-dd84f4b4-bb37-4ec9-9cf6-df76fa2aa583.png)

#### 8. Run the 'make prediction' script and validate the result

![Screen Shot 2021-09-24 at 4 06 08 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077556-c6a27c04-f8e2-405c-861b-07a3366560b3.png)


#### 9. Validate the prediction

![Screen Shot 2021-09-24 at 4 08 05 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077565-7da5dad5-5aae-45c1-90cd-c17284e580cb.png)

#### 10. Tail the log 

![Screen Shot 2021-09-24 at 4 10 00 PM (2)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077574-1d74c0f6-9f1a-4bc1-994a-ab84038984c2.png)

#### 11. Run the load test using locust
![locust_err](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60614362/136077820-fac330ec-d18a-4ef8-ace9-52d339ae7b0f.png)
